Occam's Razor|"Among competing hypotheses, the one with the fewest assumptions should be selected."
Hanlon's Razor|"Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity."
The Pareto Principle|"80% of the effects stem from 20% of the causes."
Dunning-Kruger Effect|"Unskilled persons tend to mistakenly assess their own abilities as being much more competent than they actually are."
Linus's Law|"Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow."
Postel's Law|"Be conservative in what you do, be liberal in what you accept from others."
Eagleson's Law|"Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else."
Peter Principle|"The selection of a candidate for a position is based on the candidate's performance in their current role, rather than on abilities relevant to the intended role."
Dilbert Principle|"Incompetent workers will be promoted above competent workers to managerial positions, thus removing them from the actual work and minimizing the damage they can do."
Hofstadter's Law|"It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law."
The 90-90 Rule|"The first 90 percent of the code accounts for the first 90 percent of the development time. The remaining 10 percent of the code accounts for the other 90 percent of the development time."
Parkinson's Law|"Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion."
Sayre's Law|"In any dispute the intensity of feeling is inversely proportional to the value of the issues at stake."
Parkinson's Law of Triviality|"The time spent on any agenda item will be in inverse proportion to the sum of money involved."
Law of Argumentative Comprehension|"The more people understand something, the more willing they are to argue about it, and the more vigorously they will do so."
Sheldon Solomon|"The essence of lunacy is seeing thing too clearly"
Charles Babbage|"On two occasions I have been asked, 'If you put into a machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question"
Hacking: The Art of Exploitation|"The fine line between an exploit program and an exploit tool is a matter of finalization and reconfigurability. Exploit programs are more like guns than tools. Like a gun, an exploit program has a singular utility and the user interface is as simple as pulling a trigger. Both guns and exploit programs are finalized products that can be used by unskilled people with dangerous results. In contrast, exploit tools usually aren't finished products, nor are they meant for others to use. With an understanding of programming, it's only natural that a hacker would begin to write his own scripts and tools to aid exploitation. These personalized tools automate tedious tasks and facilitate experimentation. Like conventional tools, they can be used for many purposes, extending the skill of the user."
